What's wrong? Haven't had enough soup yet?
No. I just forgot to tell you.
Today I met Sheng Yunqi in the elevator. Listen to the tone of her voice and too much.
It sounds like he still has a trump card. I was mentioned in the original book.
Sheng Yunqi had already left Ling Qilun outside.
No specific company.
I can't see it. Do you think she might have another one?
I've known this for a long time.
Sisters of good and sorrow. Mr. Sheng.
This is the invention captured by drone that day. As you forgive me.
The story of the Second Young King returning the Young Madam. All were clearly photographed.
Some folds due to angle issues
I know sorry
I originally wanted to walk over there
Evidence of Su Quan and your father
Hasn't it been sent for repair?
Since Sheng Yunqi
Where did you go that time?
I'm checking this too
I believe I won’t see you again soon
Ruo Li Sheng Yunqi
Check this company
You also know that this company has problems anyway.
Just check it
What's your secret name?